# Individual Meeting
## Date: 04/02/2022
## Time: 11:00 - 11:30

## Goals achieved since last meeting

* Have enough sample obtained from running the sampling script.

## Meeting Notes

* I briefed the supervisor about my progress in the last week and asked his opinion about the @Mock annotation.
* Main points from this discussion were:
* consider @Mock annotation, store the variable mocked and check if the variable is used in the unit test.
* mock in java is mock something internal to class rather than something external.
* count spy same as a mock - if there is one spy and one mock in a unit test count as a smell.
* use of mock is itself questionable as essentially you are changing a method withing same class, you should actually be passing in the parameters.
* more than one mock per unit test is a bad smell as you are likely testing the mocks.
* have samples of code to explain what you think is a bad smell.
* by doing an assert for method you are mocking the method. using a mock you are not testing the real implementation of the method, a spy is appropriate for testing the real implementation.
* if your test has more than mocks/spies it does not necessarily mean it is wrong but implies there is a smell - you are potentially over mocking.
* read from console, read from DB etc makes sense to mock coz how can you run test and get input from console.

* When asked about visualisations to produce, supervisor said if the table has like 5 columns then it is appropriate to show the results in the form of a table otherwise accompany it with a graph.

## Goals for next meeting
* Extend the script to account for spies.
