# Group Meeting 
## Date: 08/11/2021
## Time: 10:00 - 10:30

## Goals achieved since last meeting

* Told supervisor that despite using different search terms including "doubles" I have not been able to find any papers on mocks of other mocks.

## Meeting Notes

* Although the meeting was supposed to be a group meeting, it ended up being an individual one since other students could not make it to the meeting. We discussed during the meeting that it is good to start working on the script part now since enough literature search has been carried out. Supervisor shared a script he is already working on which might help me with my tasks. This looks at commits and does the parsing of stuff. It was discussed that the right way to go is by making baby steps i-e first fitering out the test folder in a repo, then see if got mocks, and so on. Supervisor mentioned that it would be best to extract the recent version of the sampled GitHub repo and ignore looking at every version of the repo. He said that one issue that can arise is the memory required for storing the sampled repositories. It was also mentioned that tools like GitPython that fetch commits for the repositories are not needed for the purposes of this project but can be used at a later stage if time allows to study things like how the use of mocks have changed over time for that specific project. The best approach to take is download the sampled repositories and essentially filter the test files from these. It is good to focus on Java repositories because they could give you more information. Can use a library called JavaLang that gives you the syntax tree which could be useful as you could put the code for a test file in it and it parses all the methods,etc for you. Aims for developing the script are to check : Do we find that people are using mocks of other mocks, do we see that mocks are being used for things that are going outside (API's, external libraries)

## Goals for next meeting
Keep making progress on the script part.
