# Group Meeting 
## Date: 29/10/2021
## Time: 11:00-11:30

## Goals achieved since last meeting

* Shown the short paper summary to the supervisor.

## Meeting Notes
* It was discussed that it's good to have short paper summaries along with the detailed summaries for each paper. Short paper summaries are helpful when looking at the paper at a later stage.

* Literature Review: It was discussed that the literature review not necessarily needs to have everything I read but it should highlight the main points why this project/research is being done. It should be a critique about important papers and relates somehow to future work of those papers. Can be done later, the aim for now is to understand the main points and try to think of how to start the script part.

* Motivation for the project was many students mocking other mocks.

* Script: Need to develop a script that would take some GitHub repositories and try to look for mocks mocking other mocks and other smells in the code. Mocking other mocks is a bad practice since you are not actually testing the system but only relying on tests based on other tests. It was discussed that there is a good paper on how to find good GitHub repos for sampling and that the supervisor would share it after the meeting else I can go and search for it myself. Regarding the sampling of GitHub repositories, supervisor mentioned that need to think about some inclusion criteria for my samples, so for example like only include projects with 10 developers or projects having certain lines of code. This is to make sure the project specifics do not interfere with the actual results. It was also discussed that the projects could require a large amount of storage on the PC. Also, when asked about the time it is expected for the script part, the supervisor said that it should take around 9 weeks.

* How-to guide: We discussed that the how-to guide could be done after the script when we have results from our evaluations because that would add value to the guide. Also, without actually doing some evaluation, we cannot just say that a particular practice is bad or a particular practice is good. The how-to guide will be about mocking, it's challenges along with evaluation from running the script.

## Goals for next meeting
Look at paper regarding mocks of other mocks and the paper regarding GitHub repositories.
